>> Brian Holt: Questions so far?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, so
I believe on line 12 you still have
that div id root not rendered?
On line 11, sorry.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Where did that go?
>> Brian Holt: Where did
the not rendered go?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: When you say render,
like here,
it blows away anything
that's inside of it.
So it just overrides it.
So for example, like if I put in here,
throw new Error,
>> Brian Holt: And
then I go back over here,
you'll see it actually just blue it away.
It's still blued away.
>> Brian Holt: Because it did
try to render it, but let's,
actually if you put it outside of that,
>> Brian Holt: Then
it'll say not rendered, right?
Because it didn't get cleared out.
So this just kind of helps to see
that your JavaScript is loading.
Not, it's just something I do, it's not
necessarily like a best practice or
anything like that.
>> Brian Holt: This is the best
error right here, by the way.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, other questions?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: In your app declaration
you have it returns something which I'm
assuming is whatever magic React is doing
when you run that in the background.
But then we're passing at
another React.create element?
What's up with that?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, good question.
So let's talk about the three parameters
that React.create element gets
the first one is what kind of tag is it,
right?
So you can see here, I've called it
three times, react.createElement.
I've called it here, I've called
it here and I've called it here.
>> Brian Holt: The first one
is what kind of element it is.
This is a div, this is an h1, and this is
what you would call a composite component,
which is a fancy way of saying a component
that you and I created, right?
The second, which right now is
an empty object, empty object, and
undefined, cuz we're just
not defining it here, right?
Is all of the attributes that
you want to give the component.
So if I wanted this to
have ID of something
important,
>> Brian Holt: Now
this ID is going to be
passed into this div.
So just to prove my point,
if I refresh and come over here, and
I look at Inspect Element,
you can see here that this now actually
has an idea of something important.
All right, so this is the attributes that
are gonna be put on the DOM element.
Or if I gave it to app,
this is going to be the attributes that
are going to pass down
into app that I can use.
We'll talk about that in a second.
But suffice to say this is whatever you
want to pass into the child element,
in this case, the div.
The third one is the children.
So inside of div here is an h1, all right?
And so that's what this third one is,
it's whatever children you
want to be passed into this
particular element, right?
So in this case, the children of the h1
is just to text Adopt Me, right?
But I totally could have
pulled a span in here, right?
Or something like that.
Now, this can be either singular,
or this can also be an array.
Cuz a DIV can have 15 children, right?
So here I could also have,
let's just do it for
fun,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
Now I have two h1s with Adopt Me,
so if I go back over here, you can see
that there are two h1s passed into this.
>> Brian Holt: So technically
this doesn't have to be an array,
you can actually just pass these in
all the parameters, it still works.
>> Brian Holt: It's called variable
verity, which is a stupid computer science
word that I learned and
I wanted to impress you with.
>> Brian Holt: It just means that it
can accept as many extra perimeters and
it'll use all of those as children.
Now I would say in your brain model this
as an array because it'll make it simpler
in your brain, because we will not be
writing React like this for very long, so.
Just wanted to point that out, before
someone online points it out for me.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
we're gonna go back to this.